#### This directory contains code obtained from MediaPipe Pose Classification [https://google.github.io/mediapipe/solutions/pose_classification.html]

MediaPipe is a relatively new ML pipeline provided by Google. We use their pose estimation solution, BlazePose, to create datasets for our project i.e. to extract body landmarks data from video to create datasets which will be used to train classifiers to predict the technique of an MMA strike. BlazePose was only launched in August of 2020.

Since MediaPipe is so new, they are constantly adding new faetures and functionality. One of the new features they added near the end of our project timeline was their Pose Classification solution. This code utilises BlazePose to create datasets and train classifiers for fitness applications. This was obviously very interesting for us as this was the goal of our own project. The method they follow is very similar to our own, with extracting fgeatures, normalisation, removal of bad frames and moving average to facilitate video classification. However, this feature was released near the end of our project after we had already trained our classifiers and made our datasets. As such, we did not have time to fully integrate this feature into project.

Instead, we saved the code from the link above to this directory and added some code of our own for demonstration purposes. We also built another dataset, consisting of front kick video taken by ourselves, which can be used by the code in this directory to train a KNN classifier. this classifier can then be used to predict the number of front kicks in a given video. We could easily implement this functionality (predicting number of front kicks) into the appliaction as is, either live or from uploaded video. However, the classifier code provided by MediaPipe is still quite slow, and had an execution time of over two minutes. For this reason, it will not be implemented in the app, however, this code could be optimised in the future to run at a significantly lower execution time.

Two test videos depicting front kicks were fed into the KNN classifer. the resulting videos are saved in this directory.